# 2019-09-18

## ZLC Members
[X] Hogstrom   
[ ] Bruce Armstrong   
[ ] Sean Grady   
[ ] JP Linardon   
[ ] Mark Ackert   
[ ] Jean-Louis Vignaud   

[ ] Nick Kocsis
[ ] Alvin Tan
[ ] Guru
[ ] Taylor Donner
[ ] Brandon Jenkins

### Recording can be found here   
https://zoom.us/recording/share/Fwt1e3hGK00BSS6dC1hyq0nBn7lqgDP4W9BcZFz1e9uwIumekTziMw?startTime=1568207177000
Transcript: https://zoom.us/recording/download/YRE8aCb2Dia_v_pD9_bTm0lFjgh0VrBbSG3BnV1s7P6XnQDr3u5qbKh1gtnjmGIl

## Discussion Items
[Zowe Community Access to New Website and Download Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/141)
* Assign John Mertic

[Document our code scan process and provide audit trail agenda](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/110)
* Defer this until after the CI/CD planning next week.  Look for an update on the 18th

[Discuss Team building for Themes that spread across Zowe and Releases agenda](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/138)
* Nick to review and update

[Zowe Roadmap](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/103)

[Common Logging Format for Zowe Services](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/90)
* Last updated in August as projects implement the proposal

[Zowe Long Term Support Plan](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/72)
* https://github.com/zowe/zlc/files/3501741/Zowe.LTSR.Proposal.for.ZLC.0814a.pdf

[Zowe Testing - Multiple z/OS versions #144](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/144)

[Common Logging Format for Zowe Services #90](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/90)

## Pull Requests
[Intake checklist for the ZLC to potential use for bringing in new subâ€¦ #88](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/pull/88/files)
Mertic

[Can we store z/OS Logs in the LF Infrastructure?]

## Minutes



__Voting Tool for Review__
https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/