

1) Japan OMP event - how did it go? Any follow up? 
Copy the link below to share this recording with viewers:
https://zoom.us/rec/share/H2OrMY4oAI5VTZbArV7V8OuDQJfYv7k0sS6FtC-AnE5y-YsxzpCyy7PRv4-m_DWV.gKDdwcINhe0Vaa44 

2) ZLC/ZAC charter - we are operating as if ZLC still in place although current charter called for Feb voting - need to close with John
on transition - thanks Peter for comments - consolidated various drafts in the git issue https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/220 - still
working to figure out role and responsibilities. 

3) Any update from the TSC? Build status? Redis prototype status? Any further exchange with Hostbridge regarding their z/OS port? 
Any feedback from Docker tech preview? 

4) Request to acclerate PSI adoption - like to have discussion what that means https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/223 
    
5) Survey results - did anyone take time to review in detail the responses to know if reports can be posted publicly? I think plan was 
to share with squads - have we made public? 

6) SHARE - does anyone have a consolidated list of Zowe SHARE sessions we could help advertise? 

7) Submissions due to IBM Technical Disclosure Meeting (TDM) this Friday - Bruce to submit topic but happy to share hour with other
vendors in the TDM - please contact me if interested. 

Any other topics? 

