
Peter F has conflict for today 

1) We have gotten back to BMC regarding Workflow WiZard incubator - small meeting planned for next week to get the ball moving on next steps. I 
have recommended we hold off announcing anything until we are better prepared for questions/positioning, etc. Mike D will be 
focal point - please direct any questions/issues to him. (We will draft a checklist of items to consider for bringing them on.) 
For now we will consider them a separate squad until we figure out their roadmap. 

2) Joe and I had interesting call with large UK bank this morning - audience was mix of "hard core" ISPF users and some 
"next gen" sysprogs. Their PCs are very locked down so CLI and Zowe Explorer did not resonate with ISPF advocates - there is 
interest in CLI on USS. What is our position on CLI on USS? 

3) Reminder April 21 OMP Zowe webinar - Rose do you have what you need? Do we need to drive up registation? 
https://zoom.platform.linuxfoundation.org/webinar/register?project=open-mainframe-project&id=eXPxKdIySXfNbA0QgmUkdBcPIHqpoLYApoKM934fSiFKGA4yV8Ch0w%3D%3D&logo=openmainframeproject-color.svg&zoomID=93377880844&sessionid=9507d800-d6a3-4f43-bd91-8d0e7608d2f0

4) PI Planning - kickoff April 6 9am call. Many thanks to Jakub to get is started considering themes - I ASSUME current ZLC will 
still want to provide a "point of view" on priorities? Do we want a working session to discuss?  

        Security
            Finding and resolving security related issues earlier and more often
            Provide deeper integration with the MF security concepts
        Resilience
            Highly available Zowe
        Ease of Use
            Simple installation for testing purposes
            Clear installation process and prerequisites for production setup
            Well tested and documented upgrade route
        Agility
            Frequency of releases (Cycle time, Time to market)
        Feedback
            Available metrics
            Communication with users

        For people not aware - new version considerations here
         https://github.com/zowe/community/wiki/Zowe-release---moving-to-a-new-major-version

5) Hostbridge has asked for Zowe overview - Joe and Bruce to cover tomorrow - this is separate thread from Redis discussion Redis
call now moved to April 7th 

6) Any topics from the TSC? (Last week we learned 10 students interested in mentorships) FYI - IBM to pitch Zowe to another set of 
new hire developers in April - possible additional contributors. 

7) Mark - you tried to get a meeting together last week on Zowe infrastructure requirements for 2021 - proposed list to the Systems Team 
- items to be and discussed with Marist and OMP. Did you want to try again or has the team already taken forward? 

8) Some trival - what is the signifcance of the number 8958 (23,214)? Hint: https://docs.zowe.org/stable/appendix/tpsr.html 


Any other topics? 

Future follow ups 
- ZLC, TSC and Principles charter - next up for rework - final TSC charter? 
- Support Conformance Criteria - discussion started - draft docs need another round of discussion before wider review 

Box for "scrubbed" SHARE decks https://ibm.ent.box.com/folder/129227214694?s=f840zwx825gxqur00nq1qs5acgsfgrg6 

Box folder (will change) with 2021Zowe Conferences Schedule: https://ibm.box.com/s/lv62xl1mp93b0odmg2ctgyrpccvqoeai


