9/21/21 

Bruce returns this week - Who will chair meeting?

1) Support Conformance program update
    - more reviews and feedback have come in - are we any closer to closing this? 
    - some mockups were shared on how to present on zowe.org web site - thoughts?

2) V2 planning
    - TSC deck with changes and impact per major component
    - Include Mike B's v2 changes deck
    - Do we need more like idea for a series of blogs (one per squad) on "Zowe V2 What It Means to You"?
    - Is the above enough?   

3) ZAC PPT for quarterly webinar - re-intro; news and plans like a standup mtg;  v2 perspective - PPT WIP

4) Report on ZAC working session

5) ZAC input to Zowe principles (https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/226) - is ZAC done?

6) Doc chatbot update 

7) ZLC-to-ZAC name change - done yet?


Off-line working session items:
 - ZAC input on Zowe USS Install/Config improvements - https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/232
 - Blog on ZLC to ZAC https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/230 
 - Vision ideas: https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/228 
 - Incubator criteria: https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/227 
 - Project maturity - when to promote an Incubator https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/229 

Backburner items:
 - Survey to go out next week - https://ibm.box.com/s/5tujik1u63bm66yz3jwovxti9acge7fg 
