
Heads up - I have a customer committment next ZLC (April 21st) - need someone to host or we will need to cancel - we (ZLC) will
need prep for the PI Planning the following week (see item below) 

1) New https://www.zowe.org/ live - any feedback from outside the core team? I saw LinkedIn post from Ashley (and did "like") - 
anything more to hype the new site? 
    - Also see ZLC slack channel - Cathy Chen designed a Zowe Slack bot that could return answers to Zowe related questions 
    in the Slack channels. She did a demo on the Zowe doc scrum (check out the recording 
    https://zoom.us/rec/play/cUL1NeJqajF3CGkJmmZ3krKBHWL8RpMHbyruzT4MysPYh50xRX44mZbsiCvftTcGCnjbr9qYu4aSpu2_.JdLLY7i1EGvG1Wor?continueMode=true&_x_zm_rtaid=kMEaAy-0QhGWQHc9A8Witw.1618398970438.b0c1519832b8b9674e9aa5ba3bbba5f3&_x_zm_rhtaid=273 ). 
    - Plan is to present to Architecture Squad (next week?) 

2) ZLC has been working on Support Conformance criteria - documents and comments need to be merged and taken to TSC for feedback. I 
have summarized some of the ideas in github issue - https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/182 

3) Rose - do we know status of quarterly webinar pre-registations? 

4) I may have complicated the TSC charter by asking what safeguards might be in place for one vendor controlling 2/3 the TSC votes -
https://github.com/zowe/community/compare/tsc/governance I suggested just documenting no vendor can hold 2/3 the members and appeal to
ZLC and OMP if it occurs. Squads should be free to vote best qualified person to TSC regardless of vendor. 

5) PI Planning prep - rough outline of ZLC content - 
- Summary of "state of the business" (Metrics using new zowe.org site) and additional sources (Bruce and others)      
- A look back on 1Q accomplishements (Mike D) 
    - Overview of Workflow Wizard UNLESS BMC will cover in incubator status 
- New role for ZLC and ZAC (if we have new news here) 
- What we are working on:
o    Defining incubation process (acceptance and promotion criteria) - promotion a TSC responsibility? 
o    Setting up a Support Conformance Program
o    Advising and assisting on boosting z/OS resources
o    Listening to Zowe corporate consumers
    - Continued improvements to up-and-running experience â€“ addressed by new doc?
    - HA/FT 
    - Containerization (impact to Conformance criteria of z/OS components?)
    - Packaging (PSI support)
    - New version messaging/timing 

6) Any update with the Redis work and Hostbridge? 

7) Reminder April 21 OMP Zowe webinar   
https://zoom.platform.linuxfoundation.org/webinar/register?project=open-mainframe-project&id=eXPxKdIySXfNbA0QgmUkdBcPIHqpoLYApoKM934fSiFKGA4yV8Ch0w%3D%3D&logo=openmainframeproject-color.svg&zoomID=93377880844&sessionid=9507d800-d6a3-4f43-bd91-8d0e7608d2f0

8) Joe/Sean/Bruce - reminder of TDM on April 30th - I think we will have plenty to cover but need to organize demo and any demo we 
may want to dd. 

Any other topics? 

Box folder (will change) with 2021Zowe Conferences Schedule: https://ibm.box.com/s/lv62xl1mp93b0odmg2ctgyrpccvqoeai

