
We learned last week the ZLC call now conflicts with other squad meetings - do we want to consider moving this time slot to 1hr
earlier? 8am eastern? Other suggestions? 10am eastern does not work due to conflicts. 

1) Anything to discuss regarding Release 1.20? 

21PI2 - (2021/04/27 - 2021/07/26)
Planning - 2021/04/27 - 2021/05/03
Sprint 1 - 2021/05/04 - 2021/05/17 (Innovation)
Sprint 2 - 2021/05/18 - 2021/05/31
Sprint 3 - 2021/06/01 - 2021/06/14
Sprint 4 - 2021/06/15 - 2021/06/28
Sprint 5 - 2021/06/29 - 2021/07/12
Sprint 6 - 2021/07/13 - 2021/07/26

2) Reminder SHARE sessions this week - any feedback from event session already held? 
        Is there a common repo for the various slides? We need to be mindful of Share copyright 
        In putting together my deck - I was not sure if all squads have process for voting on backlog issues? Is this something we
        want to encourage for consistency? 

3) Update on Redis from Architect call - 
- API ML prototype show very good performance for distributed use. 
- Nothing has been heard from Hostbridge about their plans - email sent to share technical results. 
- Rocket team did a recent port to z/OS as a possible other option (with minor code changes to Redis). 
- Hostbridge port sounds to be more "MVS" implementation (using datasets, for example) and Rocket port is USS based. 
- We had impromptu discussion on whether HA is "core" Zowe (meaning we would bundle/embed Redis assuming all things continue on 
current path and no licensing issues found.) Any other opinions? At one time we were thinking caching technology would be 
pluggable - do we make Redis the default and allow other technology to be plugged in (etcd, Hazelcast, ...)

4) Ashley and team have provided preview of the refreshed Zowe.org site -
 https://deploy-preview-121--condescending-dubinsky-4645a9.netlify.app/

5) Incubator proposal for Workflow WiZard - discuss today on ZLC views and collect any questions. Meeting 10am eastern tomorrow with 
Paul Spicer. Interested parties welcome to attend - let me know who to add to the invite. I would like to send him questions ahead of
time. I would like ZLC to vote by mail either Friday or Monday unless someone feels the need for a follow up call. 

6) Any topics from the TSC? 

7) Zowe infrastructure requirements for 2021 - proposed list to the Systems Team - items to be priporitized and discussed with Marist and
OMP. 

Any other topics? 

Future follow ups
- PSI 
- Consolidated events participation 
- ZLC, TSC and Principles 
- Support Conformance Criteria 

