9/7/21 

Bruce out this week - Peter will chair meeting. 

1) Support Conformance program update - edits made based on OMP concerns - proposal resubmitted, answered John's questions via email 
and (I think) is back in queue for OMP to review 

2) TSC (Jakub) to discuss security reporting process 

3) ZAC charter - TSC to vote? 

4) Status of V2 planning? How about ZAC and TSC build a deck and maybe a series of blogs (one per squad) on
"Zowe V2 What It Means to You"? 
        - I recall there is a git issue listing the planned changes? 

5) Learned from Ashley the doc chatbot is to go live this week (delayed due to needing to reteach Watson after doc web site changed) 

Any dicussion needed on survey questions - https://ibm.box.com/s/5tujik1u63bm66yz3jwovxti9acge7fg 

ZAC members - do we want to have a working session? 
Blog on ZLC to ZAC https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/230 
ZAC input to Zowe principles https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/226 
Vision ideas: https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/228 
Incubator criteria: https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/227 
Project maturity - when to promote an Incubator https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/229 

