10/5/21 

Actions from last week:

    ZAC members to work on blog post (https://github.com/zowe/zac/issues/230)
    â€¢	Feedback incorporated on Oct 1
    
    Mike B. to post V2 PPT to box and share link with squad leads
    Squad leads to "hillify" V2 items
    
    ZAC members to contribute thoughts to ZAC PPT for Zowe webinar (https://ibm.box.com/s/9w8w8wg3rmn5nd30pylvqdde5euuy4yo)

    Rose to publish survey if possible 1 week prior to webinar
    
    Mike B. to share on-line help expansion PPT with John Mertic for feedback

Agenda items

1) Review action status
    - Blog
    - V2 hills
    - Webinar ZAC PPT
    - Survey
    - On-line help expansion

2) SHARE Winter 2022
 - ZAC Presentation?
 - Zowe day?

3) Review ZAC issues in github
