
1) Update from Doc squad - Ashley and Pluto to join first 10 mins for update on Docs 2.0 

2) Still need to decide on new time for ZLC call - let's figure out charter on who will attend and then decide meeting time. 

3) Anything to discuss regarding Release 1.20? 

4) How to close on Workflow WiaZard incubator proposal - questions for BMC? Staffing committment is key. 

My suggestion is we treat them as separate sub-project/incubator initially - Mike D and Bruce A as sponsors. 
Get code into repos, advertise the incubator and see what customers and ISVs are attracted - they decide on UI technology and 
seek education from Zowe Desktop and VS Code squads (much like would be done for anyone On Boarding). Acceptance requires 
Zowe integration including consideration of REST APIs. 

5) PI Planning - kickoff April 6 9am call. 

6) Redis on z/OS - there is a technical call on the 25th - there is a separate call to discuss "business" support of Zowe. 

7) Feedback from SHARE? 
Box folder with current Zowe Overview PPT:  https://ibm.box.com/s/f840zwx825gxqur00nq1qs5acgsfgrg6 Recommend changing the decks to 
remove the SHARE template and provide content for reuse. 

8) Any topics from the TSC? 10 students interested in mentorships 

9) Zowe infrastructure requirements for 2021 - proposed list to the Systems Team - items to be and discussed with Marist and
OMP. 

Any other topics? 

Future follow ups
- PSI to be discussed in upcoming PI Planning 
- ZLC, TSC and Principles charter - next up for rework 
- Support Conformance Criteria - discussion started 

https://github.com/zowe/community/tree/master/videos has videos with accompanying powerpoint.  
Also https://github.com/zowe/community/tree/master/Onboarding that has a Zowe overview video.

Box folder with 2021Zowe Conferences Schedule: https://ibm.box.com/s/lv62xl1mp93b0odmg2ctgyrpccvqoeai


