9/14/21 

Bruce returns this week - Who will chair meeting?

1) ZAC Chair - we have informally discussed introducing a formal rotating chair role - let's write this in stone - who's next?

2) Support Conformance program update
    - more reviews and feedback have come in - are we any closer to closing this? 
    - some mockups were shared on how to present on zowe.org web site - thoughts?

3) TSC - discuss whether and how Zowe should diverge from security reporting process guidelines introduced by Jakub
    - https://github.com/ossf/oss-vulnerability-guide/blob/main/guide.md

4) V2 planning
    - TSC deck with changes and impact per major component - comments?
    - Tie-in: Agenda for October Webinar to include V2 as major section - comments?
    - Is the above enough?  Do we need more like idea for a series of blogs (one per squad) on "Zowe V2 What It Means to You"? 

5) Should ZAC present at quarterly webinar?

6) ZAC input to Zowe principles (https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/226) - is ZAC done?

7) Doc chatbot update 

8) Any more ZLC-to-ZAC name change actions needed?

Other items:
 - ZAC members - do we want to have a working session? 
 - ZAC input on Zowe USS Install/Config improvements - https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/232
 - Blog on ZLC to ZAC https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/230 
 - Vision ideas: https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/228 
 - Incubator criteria: https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/227 
 - Project maturity - when to promote an Incubator https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/229 

Backburner items:
 - Survey to go out next week - https://ibm.box.com/s/5tujik1u63bm66yz3jwovxti9acge7fg 
