10/12/21 

Actions from last week:

    - Removed RSVP requirement from ZAC mtg invite - DONE
    - Merge armstro-patch-4 - Created issue #236 to track this
    - Submit ZAC blog post to JM/LF for review - DONE (see feedback below)
    - Another pass at hillification / vision for V2
    - ZAC "leads" to meet on webinar for planning - DONE
    - Rose to submit survey
    - Bruce to sniff around about SHARE
    - Peter to review #228 - did not have time ...repeat action
    - #229 see pull requrest - did not have time   ...repeat action?

Agenda items

1) Review action status
    - Blog
       - Authorship?
       - List members  ...ok so who are members of the ZAC anyway?" - see https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/zowe-zlc-private/directory# 
       - Peter action to update blog and reply to Maemalynn
    - Webinar ZAC PPT
       - Added a new slide on the new support conformance program
       - Added V2 hills - meh
    - Survey
    - SHARE?
    - On-line help expansion

2) Review ZAC issues in github
