# 2019-09-24

## ZLC Members
[X] Hogstrom   
[ ] Bruce Armstrong   
[ ] Sean Grady   
[ ] JP Linardon   
[ ] Mark Ackert   
[ ] Jean-Louis Vignaud   

[ ] Nick Kocsis
[ ] John Davies
[ ] John Mertic
[ ] Tim Brooks
[ ] Nolan Rogers
[ ] Alvin Tan
[ ] Joe Winchester
[ ] William Pereira
[ ] Guru Regalagadda
[ ] Greg M
[ ] Taylor Donner
[ ] Greg McKinnon
[ ] Murali Panchalingam


### Recording can be found here   

## Discussion Items
[Creation of new repo for the MQ CLI plugin/extension #125](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/125)
* no comments...pushing back to Colin

[Zowe Community Access to New Website and Download Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/141)
* Assign John Mertic

[Discuss Team building for Themes that spread across Zowe and Releases agenda](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/138)
* Defer to Nick

[Zowe Roadmap](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/103)

[Zowe "vNext" release validation agenda](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/92)
* In progress ... update from Mark on the 18th.

[Common Logging Format for Zowe Services](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/90)
* Last updated in August as projects implement the proposal

[Zowe Long Term Support Plan](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/72)
* https://github.com/zowe/zlc/files/3501741/Zowe.LTSR.Proposal.for.ZLC.0814a.pdf

## Minutes
Upcoming status'
[Document our code scan process and provide audit trail agenda](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/110)
* Defer this until after the CI/CD planning next week.  Look for an update on the 18th


__Voting Tool for Review__
https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/
   
   
